Yili Liu
205376049

1. When I searched up the merge point, there were 5 views on X11. The top left
   one shows that the mergepoint was a merge from origin/emacs-27,with it's child
   and parents shows above and below it with arrows. This top left view was a
   graphical visual of all the commits/merge points. The middle top box shows who
   merged: Glenn Morris and their email and the last window on the top right
   shows it was merged on 2020-10-17 09:48:54. On the bottom left, it shows
   a box with the author/commiter again along with the parent and what was
   commit and the child and what was committed. This box also shows the
   branches: master, remotes/oring.feature/native-comp, and remotes/origin/master
   It also shows the Follows and the Precentes along with the merge comment:
   Impove documentation of 'Info-hide-note...' The bottom right has another box
   with the label comments, but it is empty as I am looking at it.
3. One difference between the GNU emacs repository and the one on SEAS is that
   the GNU one is more up-to-date as the GNU emacs's last commit was from Nov 11
   whereas the latest commit from the one on emacs is from Nov 3. Also, when using
   git branch on the SEAS version, A list of many branches including features and
   different versions of emacs. On the GNU versions, there is only one local
   branch, the master. All of the other branches are actually remote branches,
   found through the command git branch -a. They are the same as the branches on
   the SEAS version but with 'remotes/origin/' in the begining of the name of all
   the listed branches. Therefore, the main difference between the two is that
   while all branches are local on the SEAS version, almost all branches are
   remote-tracking branches (local copies of the remote branch). 

Notes about assignment in general:
- I did the assignment on Nov. 10/11 and since then, there might have been
  additional commits on the tz repository. Some of my first files show the most
  recent commit but from Nov. 11 rather than later since there might have been
  more recent commits since then. 
